# Ronald-Reagan-Coin
The obverse of the coin commemorates the 40th anniversary of Ronald Reagan’s inaugural year. The Republic National Mint is known for its artisan work and produces some of the best Trump and MAGA coins we’ve seen, but this engraving of Reagan is really something to behold. We believe this coin to be the best rendition of Ronald us Maximus ever coined. Reagan led us with the principles of individual liberty, national pride and economic freedom for all men, and this coin serves to preserve the timeless principles of his unfinished work. These coins are the perfect gift to remind our younger generations of Reagan's unprecedented legacy and carry his ideals and values across the generations into the future. From a numismatic perspective, these coins are gilded in real 24K Gold and polished to a mirror proof-like finish, so much so that I can clearly see my reflection in the coin. “Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction,” Reagan said, and that statement has never before been truer than now. These family keepsakes are minted in a limited edition, perfect for display or gift. While our 40th President “The Great Communicator” resides on the coin obverse, our 45th President graces the coin’s reverse. The engraving of Donald J. Trump is a clear and accurate indication of his trademark hair and proud features. He is highly recognizable in fine detail. The coin is well-struck with a clean and crisp reeded edge. Both portraits appear almost in a “matt finish” upon a highly reflective polished field, making the image seem to jump off the coin. My coin arrived in a clear protective acrylic case. The clever and fun feature of this coin is that it is a two-headed coin. Flip it and you win- heads Reagan, Tails, Trump. How can you go wrong? I’m very pleased with this coin and would recommend this purchase. It’s hard to find an inexpensive gift that looks expensive and will be greatly appreciated. I think you’ll find this coin to be that gift.
